ninja so hello everyone this is ninja
and this is a hambone ninja is going to
eat the hambone you can see ninja really
really enjoys this hambo and he's going
to eat the whole thing
it's going to take him a little while to
do it just kind of non at it picking at
it ninja here is a black lab and pitbull
he's a mix I got him from San Jose
animal shelter he was about six months
old about six months old he is about 35
pounds and he didn't have the pitbull
face I didn't know he was going to turn
into a pitbull
he does have that aggressive streak
towards other dogs but as you can see he
just absolutely doesn't mind that I'm
holding his bone but he sees another dog
and just kind of chases after the dog
try to keep him away
so you can see is very very comfortable
with me holding his bone and other
people can touch his bones but he'll
have another dog touches his bone oh
it's odd
so Ninja really likes these bones these
are really meaty on the outside soft and
chewy on the inside of course it has a
complete bone marrow and this is a pork
bone as opposed to a beef bone which is
much softer overall a ninja will heat
the whole thing see he's really into it
he's far more into this bone as opposed
to his mother bones here this is like
another ham bone which is a different
kind of process I guess because it's
very hard and very brittle this here is
also a lamb bone because it doesn't care
for that as much but uh but this bone
you can see he's a he annihilated it
well he isn't an eyelid so far but uh
really really enjoys this well
you